[Music]
so Lola unknown they're also called
Asian unicorns and they're one of the
rarest large mammals you can find or not
find they've only ever been seen four
times since their discovery in 1992
pygmy three-toed sloth under 50 the
smallest member of the sloth family all
known for traveling less than half the
length of a football field in a whole
day two-toed sloths also have three toes
its fingers they only have two of but
hey who's counting Sumatran rhinoceros
under 80 meat the only Rhino with two
horns they're more closely related to
the extinct woolly Rhino who lived at
the same time as woolly mammoths than
any other species today they're also the
smallest a more leopard 100 these cats
know how to dress for the weather the
fur on their winter coat is almost three
times longer than their summer one their
spot patterns are as unique to them as
fingerprints are to us purple frog 135 a
face only a mother could love these
lumpy guys are made for living
underground their skeleton is stronger
than other frogs to withstand the weight
of the soil they have that funny nose to
better slurp up ants and termites tasty
greater bamboo lemur under 150 their
name gives these lemurs away they're one
of the very few mammals who stick to the
bamboo diet they're also easily
recognizable thanks to white Tufts on
their ears Peruvian black spider monkey
300 and this just in zoos wild
population numbers are still unknown
unlike many others these monkeys don't
have thumbs who needs them when you have
a grippy swingy tail longer than your
body seneca white deer 300 these mystic
looking animals aren't albino they're
lucid 'ok so they don't entirely lack
pigmentation their coats are just all
wide
Carola 400 also called four-eyed
antelope they have huge glands under
their eyes that they use to mark their
territory probably where the phrase I
think I can spot that from here came
from Ely pika 1000 they seem to be
tailless but it's not true they have one
of the longest tails of all lagomorph
that includes rabbits and hares it's
just hidden in their super dense fur
giant otter mm twice the size of their
North American cousins their 6 foot long
bodies are covered with fur from head to
toe including their nose great white
shark 3500 don't let the name for you
they're mostly gray - that white
underside and they're not the greatest
the largest species is the whale shark
but they can detect just a little blood
up to three miles away Syrian hamster
under 5000 in the wild as pets there are
6 million of them also known as the
golden hamster these are the largest
ones true to their rodent danger they
constantly non thanks to where their
teeth down since they never stop growing
the teeth that is white rump vulture
under 10,000 unlike many other birds
their head and neck are featherless to
theories for why that is one they can
more easily clean themselves after a
messy meal and two it keeps them cool um
nothing here about why they're white
rumps are important so we'll move on
blue whale 10,000 to 25,000 the
population of the largest animals that
ever existed on this planet is only
about 3 to 11 percent of what it was
just 100 some years ago and their hearts
aren't as big as a car that's a myth
they're more like the size of a golf
cart still pretty big African lion
20,000 these big cats along with tigers
leopards and jaguars oh my can't / they
can only roar
cats that can purr can't roar hmm you
can hear the Lions mighty roar from five
miles away grizzly bear 55,000 their
claws alone are as long as your fingers
together with large muscles it makes
them one of the strongest most dangerous
animals on the planet giraffe
ninety seven thousand five hundred
nature's skyscrapers can eat up to 100
pounds of fresh leaves and twigs a day
with the help of their six-foot long
neck and nearly two foot long tongue
Pangolin 100,000 this is the only mammal
in the world covered from head to toe in
scales those scales are made up of the
same thing your fingernails are keratin
they make up to 20% of the pangolins
weight saltwater crocodile 200,000 their
name is a bit misleading they can also
live in freshwater as well as in swamps
mostly dwelling in hot areas they open
their big mouths to stay cool wolf
300,000 the largest member of the canine
family
these top-notch hunters can smell other
animals more than a mile away African
elephant 415,000 it's not hard to tell
them from their Asian cousins African
elephants have bigger ears like I do
also both males and females can have
tusks while only male Asian elephants
have them plain zebra 500,000 that
dazzling coat is multifunctional it's
used for communication and temperature
control black stripes absorb heat while
white don't which creates a sort of
airflow that cools their bodies
bottlenose dolphins 600,000 dolphins
don't just leap out of the water to
breathe it also helps them travel faster
there's less resistance in the air than
in the water giant squid 4.3 million
it's pretty hard to count how many of
these behemoths are
they're because they're not easy to spot
but they could easily spot you their eye
is as big as your head
well that's unsettling donkey 45,000,000
most people can't remember who they met
last week donkeys can remember someone
they met 25 years ago that's why they're
in politics horse 58 million the only
animal family with a single digit yep
horses walk around on one toe and
sometimes they have to hoof it chipping
sparrow 200 million they can get
creative when building a nest doing so
not only in shrubs but also your toolbox
pigeon 400 million true city slickers
their population grows proportionally as
our own dust but some island countries
like Madagascar Iceland and Papua New
Guinea don't have any pigeons at all but
their cars stay clean a mourning dove
475 million they get their name from
their lament like calls oh woe is me
cats 600 million your kitty has more
bones than you humans have 206 cats 244
they spend 70% of their lives sleeping
you'll spend about 30% of your life
asleep pigs 680 million and more than
half of those are in China
piglets can recognize not only moms
grudge but also their own like I do
goats 860 million these animals have
rectangular pupils that give them a
field of vision up to 340 degrees
they're also one of the first animals to
be domesticated together with dogs and
sheep dogs 900 million
Fido's nose is wet because it helps a
dog smell better
well maybe not smell better but they
sniffed the air better that's why he's
always licking his snout
cows 990 million more than 30% of all
the cows in the world live in India they
spend about eight hours a day eating and
can drink a whole tub full of water in a
single day
sheep 1.1 billion if you didn't share it
your sheep's wool would grow forever
unlike wild breeds domesticated sheep
don't shed red bilk whele 1.5 billion
they have the largest population of wild
birds on our planet one colony can have
up to 30 million members in it these
little things are farmers worst
nightmare one flock can easily destroy
over 300 tons of grain in a single day
hey we all got to eat humans seven point
eight billion and ever-growing the
global population has gotten five times
larger since the beginning of the 20th
century at this rate we might hit the
ten billion record by 2050 just imagine
the lines for the bathroom then rats
over seven billion it's nearly
impossible to know exactly how many rats
there are in the whole planet but
experts say it's probably a one-to-one
ratio with humans when you consider all
the rodent species they make up 40% of
all the planets mammals rats chicken 24
billion there are so many domestic
chickens that every human being could
have three of them so there really could
be a chicken in every pot no surprise
chicken spread so fast one hand can lay
up to 300 eggs in a year a color depends
on the hens earlobe color white lobes
mean white eggs and red lobe hens
produce brown ones well close enough
earthworm 1.3 quadrillion like rats it's
hard to know how many worms are hiding
under your feet right now do but
consider this on one farm alone their
combined weight would be greater than
all the livestock on the surface
altogether
they'd wait 10 times more than all the
humans on the planet
ants one to ten quadrillion they've been
around since the dinosaurs unlike many
other species they survived the Ice Age
pretty strange they don't live in
Antarctica now bacteria one quadrillion
quadrillion there's nowhere to hide from
bacteria every sip of water you take
contains millions of them every sip you
taste the good ones inside your body
outnumber your cells ten to one and they
count for up to three percent of your
total weight all the bacteria in the
world would outweigh all the animals and
plants inhabiting this earth sweet
dreams
[Music]